# FOI request

1. As of the 1st January, in each of the subsequently named years, how many sex establishments had an active licence within your local authority area? For clarity I seek information on licenced sex establishments as defined by Schedule 3 of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1982, and amended by the Policing and Crime Act 2009. Please provide data for each of the individual calendar years 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018.
2. In each of the individual calendar years 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, how many applications did your authority receive for new licenced sex establishments, as defined by Schedule 3 of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1982, and amended by the Policing and Crime Act 2009? Please note I seek information regarding applications for new licences and not the number of sex establishment licences where an application for renewal was made.
3. As of the 1st January 2018, has your authority adopted Section 27 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 which relates to the regulation of “sex establishments” under Schedule 3 of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1982?
4. In relation to your local authority’s licensing policy, has the authority set a limit for the number of sexual establishment licences that are permitted to be issued within your local authority area? If yes, as of the 1st January 2018 what was the total number of sexual entertainment licences that were allowed to be issued?
